Ricardo:	Good afternoon, I'm Rosalia and I'm a POP singer.

Dani: 	Good afternoon/evening, I'm Jack Spearow. I’m an IT student who has a part time job and lives on a rented apartment.  I mostly listen to music on Spotify or YouTube, but sometimes I download music to use them as my ringtone.

David:	As my colleague said, good afternoon/evening, I'm David, I have a music store in the middle of the neighbourhood, and they rob me.

Dani:	From my point of view, I mostly download the music because I hardly have any money and downloading music it’s not illegal if it is not for profit and it is for personal use.

 V Ricardo:I completely disagree, music shouldn't be for free ,  people shouldnt be able to  take advantage of my work and i should  get payed for what I do.

David: 		I  agree with you rosalia, if Dani downloads the music, I don't have anything to eat

Dani: 	I see your point, but not all of us can afford to buy music. Some people must pay their bills and with the price increases they barely have some money left. What do you think?

David:		That's true, but it's not my problem, what is mine is what I sell.

 S Ricardo:	Exactly, also nowadays music is not so expensive anymore, a record can cost around 20€, which is an affordable price.

Dani:	I don’t agree at all, it’s not easy to make ends meet, last month my electric bill increased and let’s not talk about the increase of price of other products.

David:		Sorry to interrupt but everyone has 20 euros, it's a cheap excuse.

S Ricardo:	And if you don't have that kind of money, then don't listen to music, don't live beyond your means.

David:	If franco still alive, they fused you right now, the discussion is over. Goodbye.

 D Ricardo:	this man does not represent me.

Dani:		Sorry for hurting your feelings, bye.















David:	As my colleague said, good afternoon, I'm David, 
I have a music store in the middle of the Chinatown, and they rob me.

David: 	I  agree with you rosalia, if Dani downloads the music, 
I don't have anything to eat

David:	That's true, but it's not my problem, I only sell.

David:	Sorry to interrupt but everyone has 20 euros, it's a cheap excuse.

David:	If franco still alive, they fused you right now, 
the discussion is over. Goodbye.


